Hello! Yes, it is I, Prince Horatio VIII of the Empire of Janicula.
But you may call me… The Prince.
-CHOICE-
The Prince:Well it’s usually my servants who announce my presence.
The Prince:They take so much delight in their fanfare, I suppose it’s rubbed off on me.
The Prince:I told them to leave me be, for I would be dining with one who is... unacustomed.
The Prince:But alas! They are likely hidden about, spying on my every move- against my wishes.
-CHOICE-
The Prince:Well yes, I suppose they can be quite annoying, but they don’t know any better.
The Prince:They’re part of a…I believe the term would be “lesser” species.
The Prince:You see, they’re prisoners of war from the nation of Friendliness that my father had hypnotized and enslaved.
The Prince:So their ignorance really isn’t their fault.
-CHOICE-
The Prince:Ah, I recognize that look in your face.
The Prince:You’re worried that the Friendly people are innocent and my father is committing these atrocities for no reason.
The Prince:If you think they are innocent, I can assure you that they are not.
The Prince:The Janicula empire has been at war with the Friendly people for generations.
The Prince:They dared to secede from our perfect nation!
The Prince:Can you imagine?!
The Prince:I’m glad you believe so. We work tirelessly in our quest for greatness.
The Prince:My father is so tied up that I have a hand in certain affairs.
The Prince:Anyway, I tire of speaking on political matters.
The Prince:What else would you like to talk about?
-CHOICE-
The Prince:Oh, I would love to.
The Prince:On my leisure, I enjoy taking long horse rides through the plains.
The Prince:Occasionally, I enjoy visiting the royal dungeon and choosing which traitor will be next to be executed.
The Prince:Recently, I’ve also been learning to crochet. It’s very therapeutic.
-CHOICE-
The Prince:You wouldn’t even begin to understand the amount of pressure I’m put through.
The Prince:Believe it or not, I long to live in a society where I can just sit down and eat dinner with a peasant like you.
The Prince:I know that, on the surface, I seem to obsessively indulge in formalities and overt egotism.
The Prince:And, internally, I also obsessively indulge in formalities and overt egotism.
The Prince:But eating with you has made me realize something important.
The Prince:Love can bloom between anyone, even a peasant and a handsome prince.
The Prince:That is, as long as both people can finish their meals by the end of a date. Otherwise, why bother?
-CHOICE-
The Prince:It may seem pretentious to a prole such as yourself, but these formalities are necesarry.
The Prince:It's important for everyone to understand exactly how important I am.
The Prince:ESPECIALLY in comparison to how unimportant you are.
-CHOICE-


-STRIKE-:DRINK
You can't properly drink can you?
My, you're really ham fising that glass aren't you? Anyway...

-STRIKE-:FACE
Why don't you make use of your napkin? Anyway...

-STRIKE-:FULL
Im sorry- it distracts me when people think its acceptable to speak with their mouth full.

-STRIKE-:SILENT
Excuse me? Are you even listening to what I'm saying? I said...


-END-:FULL
You are a slob... I must go at Once.

-END-:FOOD
You're going to waste the food you ordered? If you get a box, your steak will dry out. Goodbye- do not call me.

-END-:DRINK
Why am I wasting my time on a tactless mongrel? I must go at once.

-END-:FACE
I really cannot stand the mess you've left on your face- I must go at once.


-END-:WIN
I've had a wonderful time, call me!